I'm going to lose sleep right away
I'll miss the down payment on the house right away
Seventh Uncle, I beg you to have pity on me
I bought the house
I sent my mother to the city
I'm not a professional uncle
Seventh Uncle is too pitiful
Just help him, master
Just help him
Hey
Well, you have a filial piety
I will help you complete the last obsession.
You take this talisman
Guicha can't see you
You can still drive.
Save money to buy a house
But you have to leave after 12 midnight
OK
Thank you Uncle Jin
I have violated the law of heaven by doing this
Remember, when you buy a house, you will die obediently
You must not miss this world anymore
Otherwise, I will not spare you.
Remember, I will listen to you
Zixuan, call the police and pull the body away
Master Zhang's Soul
Pimping with ghost cars
Will he be like that female ghost in red?
Harming the world